24 adding build in git repository (#26)
creativecommons/wp-plugin-creativecommons-website: README.md

- Use to build production code for your block inside `build` folder.
- Runs once and reports back the gzip file sizes of the produced code.

## Javascript deploy steps

> Since this plugin is to be used as a composer package, this repo needs to be committed with the reactJs build. So before creating a PR to this repo, run `npm run deploy` and commit the build folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since this plugin is to be used as a composer package, this repo needs to include the ReactJS build. So before creating a PR to this repo, 
1. run `npm run build` and 
2. commit the build folder.

Note, you will need to run `npm install` in order for the build process to work.
```
